I am going to make using AI as an
entrepreneur so stupid simple for you
crazy simple I'm going to share with you
some of the most basic tips that are
going to blow your mind how much they're
going to improve your business and
they're so easy to implement trust me
implementing these super basic super
easy AI tips is going to change the game
for you as a solo preneur I've watched
tons of videos I've listened to tons of
podcasts talking about how to use Ai and
I feel like they had AI create those
scripts and they're not realistic and
they're kind of confusing and I'm like I
don't get it this is going to be the how
to use AI that like your mom could
figure out I want chat GPT to be your
go-to or whatever AI platform you use I
want it to feel like it is the first
person you think of it's the first place
you go to use to ask any questions and I
want your staff doing the same thing and
that's why I've created this episode to
show you some really super simple ways
to implement AI That's going to level up
your business
welcome to this edition of build your
tribe my name is shelene Johnson this is
my son Brock Johnson and we do these
episodes together here on build your
tribe and this is what I'm really
excited about first of all if you are
not using AI more frequently than you're
using Google that should be ass signed
to you that there's a problem there's
really no reason why any of us at this
point should be using Google seriously
number one just talk to her activate
your microphone on whatever AI platform
you use whether it's chat GPT perplexity
or maybe you're using your Apple iPhone
or Google phone like whatever it is
you're using activate your microphone so
that you're no longer wasting time
typing your prompts I find that the
biggest challenge for most entrepreneurs
for most people in general using AI is
that they waste so much time trying to
write the perfect prompt you're trying
to avoid typos and you're trying to you
know craft this very special way so that
AI understands exactly what it is you're
asking for you're trying to come across
like you know a thing or two you're
using fancy language you're thinking
that AI can't figure it out I'm telling
you you can smash your head against the
keyboards and chat GPT AI will go oh
okay I got it so you're looking for the
capital of France like it is so
intelligent it will weed through your
typos your ums your A's your likes
everything but because we're so
accustomed to writing things a perfect
way
that I want you to just completely avoid
that and have a conversation in fact I
literally have two ways that you can do
this number one you can just have a
conversation with chat GPT I'm going to
share with you how what this looks like
where I'm going back and forth literally
having a dialogue and it's kind of eerie
it's kind of trippy how realistic this
is and how much easier it is for you to
get the answer and the response you're
looking for so I am trying to to put
together a really high converting sales
page not even just sales page just a
page for people to sign up for a walking
challenge that I'm doing and I don't
even know where to start creating a
signup page for your walking challenge
sounds exciting we can start by
identifying the key elements a catchy
headline a brief description of the
challenge and a clear call to action do
you have any specific ideas or themes in
mind no I really don't so can you just
like walk me ask me every question you
need to ask me so that we can you know
know really Target the the woman who it
is I want to reach and help me just
really make sure that when they land on
this page they are excited and they want
to sign up for the challenge absolutely
let's start with some key questions one
who's your ideal participant for the
walking challenge are they beginners
Fitness enthusiasts or somewhere in
between two what are the benefits of
joining the challenge think about what
outcomes or Transformations you want to
promise three how long is the challenge
what does it involve okay you're you're
asking me too many questions too fast
can we go through these one at a
time of course let's take them one at a
time who is your ideal participant for
the walking challenge so ideally a woman
who's like over 35 probably between like
35 and 65 she is like her hormones are
driving her crazy she feels like she's
going insane she just cannot lose the
extra fluff she's done every diet she's
sick of restricting she's sick of over
ex exercising and she really needs
something that's like simple simple and
doable and helps her to it's something
that she can do for the rest of her life
but she just feels good and she doesn't
have to like buy any equipment you know
she just something that gives her a win
got it next let's focus on the benefits
what positive changes or outcomes do you
want these women to experience from
participating in the challenge I want
them to feel energized
I want them to almost be shocked at how
easy it was for them to feel better to
maybe drop a few pounds um to understand
their bodies much better like just to
have so much more confidence got it so
your ideal participant is someone
looking to boost their energy feel
better easily understand their body and
gain confidence now what benefits do you
want to highlight for them in this
challenge okay so right now I just want
to see a summary of everything you've
told me so far so how do I do that
sure here's a quick summary one we're
creating a high converting page Sor to
interrup you sorry to interrupt you but
I want to see it in writing I don't
necessarily want to hear you say it like
how do I see it in
text to see a summary in text simply say
can you provide a written summary and
I'll type it out for you okay great
would you like me to do that now that
would be
awesome here's a summary one we're
creating and there it is
so great there you go there's your
summary of everything that we've said so
far easy easy mode try it the second way
to do this is just the exact same way
you use probably voice to text so for me
because I have these Queen length Nails
little ASMR for you I have a really hard
time typing fast it sounds like I'm
typing fast but half the time it's me
hitting the delete key because I've hit
the wrong key with my super long nails
so what do is I just speak into my
microphone and it's just voice detects
and I don't correct anything if I've
spelled things wrong if I've used typos
if I've left off a word no punctuation
all of it chat GPT will figure it out
this makes it so much faster and so much
easier for you to get the response
you're looking for number two is you're
going to speed up the process of working
with whatever your favorite AI platform
is by making sure that your AI platform
really knows you and knows you well so
that each time you go to have a
conversation or you want to write email
copy for you or to answer a question or
to prepare some I use chat GPT in
perplexity all the time those are my two
favorites and I will use them to even
improve the way I'm sending a text
message I use them to improve my landing
pages my sales copy my email copy my
captions for Instagram for Facebook for
Tik Tok everything I use it to recycle
captions that I've already written like
if you are not using it
24/7 this exercise is going to change
the game for you because one of the
reasons why I think people avoid using
it is because their AI platform doesn't
get it quite right but it's like going
on a first date after a first date after
a first date you're always getting to
know someone and that's a pain in the
butt like things get much more
comfortable when your date know already
knows your favorite drink they already
know what you like to order they already
know where you like to go and what time
you know all the things so what you want
to do is make it very simple for AI to
know who you are and here's some basic
ways to do it number one tell the AI
platform let's use chat gbt as the
example cat gbt you go on and you'll log
in what I'm about to tell you I want you
to remember it and update your memory
moving forward and then you can put in
your bio your resume or you can just say
I'm going to tell you everything you
need to know about my personal brand and
I want you to keep this in your memory
and use it for whatever prompt I'm
asking you for done when I first started
using Chachi PT I would say write this
in chelene Johnson's voice and I would
get back cues and I'm like I would never
use any of these words like who does
chbt even think I am like this is this
is so cheesy and this is so dumb like
what is this and when I realized
probably what it was doing is is
scanning the internet for Content that
was on my website that may have been
written by a copywriter and maybe I
didn't even review some of the language
some of the words I'm like I wouldn't
even use that word that's such a Cheesy
word I hate that word or there's so many
exclamation marks I was just like this
isn't how shelene Johnson writes so I
would say okay I'm going to correct this
update your memory and please know I
would never use this word please never
use this phrase ever again update your
memory so just constantly say update
your memory don't you wish you could say
that to people in real life wouldn't
that be
amazing okay so that's the first thing
you can also if you're you're not sure
like what to tell chat GPT so that it
knows everything it needs to know about
your brand identity your brand Voice who
it is you're trying to Target what it is
you stand for all of the things then I'm
going to give you some prompts I'm going
to put these up on the screen for you
and you can screenshot these and you
just want to use these questions as
prompts so save them to your phone and
then while you're on chat GPT just go
through and answer each one of these the
nice thing about working with AI is you
don't have to worry about how long
something is or if you're droning on and
on and on or if you've used runon
sentences or filler words or if you
sound intelligent or any none of those
things it's going to sort through
everything for you so you don't have to
worry about those things by the way
before we go much further my mom Margie
Melvin would like to know why Brock and
I don't have more subscribers on build
your tribe I'm like you know what you're
right Mom we need more subscribers so
please make my mom's day and make sure
that you're subscribed to build your
tribe because there's nothing she loves
more than bragging about her grandson
and of course her daughter but like
especially her grandson and uh we do
really try to bring you the best
possible content here on the build your
tribe channel so thank you so much for
double- checking making sure that you're
subscribed liking this video and of
course leaving a comment all right on to
our next tip my next tip for you is to
create shortcuts that chat PT will
update its memory and know every single
time you use one of these abbreviations
it'll know exactly what you want so for
example anytime I use the two letters I
will type in RW then a colon and then I
paste in let's say a blog post that I've
written two years ago RW I've already
updated my chat GPT memory so it knows
anytime I use those two letters it want
I want it to be Rewritten to maintain
the Integrity of it but to use new words
new language but again that all is in my
shellene Johnson voice okay so how did I
do that I say okay chat GPT every time I
use the letters RW this is what I want
another example is I say anytime I use
the number five and then a colon and
then I ask a query what I want from you
is to give me five options so for
example if I write the number five and
then colon and then I give a title like
the easy way for entrepreneurs to use
use AI chat PT I don't have to even tell
it what I want it knows to give me five
new variations of a title for this video
I've got two shortcuts one is five and
one is 10 sometimes I want 10 variations
so that's a simple shortcut another way
that I will do these shortcuts is I will
say anytime I use BR that means I'm
asking it for a better response anytime
I use the word more I've told chat jpt
anytime I use the word more in a colon
that means I'm asking you to give me
more information I've also told chat GPT
that when I'm doing research I want it
given back to me always in bulleted
abbreviated form and that if I want more
detail I will ask for it so no matter
what I ask chat gbt the way I get my
responses is the way that works well for
my brain my brain doesn't want to read
and read and read I want the bullets and
I want them highlighted and I want them
in bold and I know what that means so I
don't need to read all the extra
additional information if I do I will
just say give me more information on the
number two
bullet Game Changer it makes it so easy
my next tip for you is to drop the
people pleasing I think I wasted so much
time when I first started using AI
because AI is like figuring out who we
are right and I would use like super
polite language I'd be like thank you so
much that's a really good response like
as if there's someone behind the
computer judging me for not being polite
and I would say like if you could please
give me another variation of that same
response what a waste of time so drop
the people pleasing get to the point and
every time chat PT does not or whatever
AI platform you're using doesn't give
you exactly what you're looking for let
them know another mistake that I made in
the beginning was I would get a response
that was pretty close and I'd be like
okay and then I would copy and paste it
into another document and then I would
revise it myself but that's like hiring
somebody to do work for you and I think
we probably are all guilty of this and
then just doing it yourself thinking
well I'm going to save more time if I
just do this myself plus I don't want to
hurt their feelings number one chat gbt
AI does not work that way and it's
artificial learning so you don't have to
worry about hurting anyone's feelings
you don't have to worry about you know
stepping on anyone's toes you literally
have to train AI to be better and better
and better for you if AI isn't working
well for you it's because you've given
up too soon you just have to keep saying
oh close but I wouldn't use this word or
almost but here's what I need and be as
specific as possible and then whenever
you finish and you're like okay finally
yes this is exactly the email that I was
looking for this is exactly the copy I
wanted I I will say update your memory
so that you remember in the future this
is exactly what I I was looking for
every time you tell AI to update its
memory it does
indefinitely that's a GameChanger this
next tip is going to blow your mind
you're going to use this and if you've
got anyone on your team who's in charge
of a particular part of your business I
want you to show this to them as well
because this literally as someone who I
want to be the creative I don't love the
numbers and whenever I see a spreadsheet
it's like my eyes glaze over and I'm
like just tell me what it means right
and sometimes people who are really good
at reading spreadsheets and the numbers
and crunching all those things sometimes
they're not great at telling you what
those numbers should be telling you but
you know who is great at this AI so
here's what we do I personally just put
a PDF into AI of whatever business or
dashboard it is that I want to analyze
say for example I want to know a little
bit more about my YouTube insights which
are there's a lot there and it can be
kind of overwhelming and especially
again if you're someone who's creative
the numbers kind of overwhelm you you're
not exactly sure what they're telling
you then let AI do that for you so
here's an example and I'm going to show
you exactly how I wrote this prompt as
well because I I want I want to
demystify this here's what I wrote to
chbt I said take the reporting metrics
from patreon and analyze them for me
giving me a summary of trends that I
should be aware of things I probably
need to spend more time on areas of
concern my best performing months so for
those of you that don't know aside from
the podcast I do with Brock build your
tribe I also have my own private podcast
called the shellene show where I talk
about menopause and health related
topics and walking and just my life but
I don't go really deep on the regular
forward-facing free podcast I have a
patreon which is a paid podcast so it's
kind of a substack it's like a
membership where people pay a nominal
monthly fee the the lowest tier is $5
the highest tier is
$25 and there I spill the tea like I I
tell the stories that I don't talk about
on the Regular Show I sometimes do deep
Dives looking at very sometimes
controversial topics and I share my
opinions on those I love doing patreon I
love it I've been doing it now for I
think three years and so what I did is I
said take a look at these areas tell me
the best forming levels the most
profitable areas of patreon and the
areas that need more clarification and I
said because I am creative and I hate
looking at these numbers then what I did
is you as you can see on the screen I
just click the plus sign upload a PDF or
you can upload a screenshot you can
upload whatever it is you want I just
uploaded my patreon metrics and I don't
have to figure out what these metrics
mean AI tells me it tells me that I had
significant growth in May how about this
it says you're free I did not know this
I literally did not know this free
trials were highly effective converting
users peing in March of 2024 with 1,800
trials and 1,600 of them converting
that's a 75% conversion rate from free
to paid we're crushing it like that's
huge and the reason why this is really
important for me to see is because I
always see that there's a ton of people
doing the free and I'm like should we
just turn this off like you know is it
is it working obviously it is it also
tells me that I need to pay a lot more
attention to post trial retention while
trials are converting very well keeping
your users beyond their trial period
needs some work okay steady Revenue loss
in mid
2024 H okay I know why um and November
and December saw Revenue drops as
well okay I know why I know I know why
specifically because I was okay I got it
like I know I but I also know what that
means what I need to do differently in
order to spike the revenue again it says
next steps reintroduce and spend more
time focusing on promoting free trials
duh focus on post-trial retention
analyze the October 24 campaign and
replicate whatever is that you did in
October well I don't know that I can but
I'll find a way but in October what I
did is I told the never told before
reasons why I left Beach body which was
a fitness company I partnered with and
everything that happened while I was
with them for a period of 15 years and
I'd never spoken about it until they did
away with their MLM coaching and so I
went there and I spilled the tea and I
think a lot of people were getting out
of Beachbody at that time and they they
wanted to hear somebody else's story
they wanted to know what happened
because they were all trying to figure
out what happened to them anyways my
point is this we use this all the time I
use it for my YouTube metrics I use it
for my business centers we recently by
using chat
GPT chat GPT told me that I needed to
retire one of my businesses and that was
push Journal so for those of you who
have been with me for a really long time
I created a basically a a written
Journal that I still use every day to
help me stay on task to help me keep
track of my goals and my to-dos and all
those things and as much as I I love
this and I had personal and emotional
ties to it trust me many people on my
team are like you know we've got to
think about doing something different
with this because based on the amount of
time that you spend on it and the
resources that we spend on it and the
costs that are associated with printing
shipping housing manufacturing selling
marketing all those things like this is
our lowest performing Business Center
this is the thing that makes us the
least amount of money is it profitable
yeah but it's the one that like you
spend so much time on it that if we took
your time shelene and you spent it on
something else you'd get a lot more more
bang for your buck well I was very
emotionally tied to this so I literally
asked chat GPT to help me make this
decision and I entered the business
center PDFs and asked and entered in the
amount of time I spent on each one and
it was just like there it was and black
and white that we needed to retire the
push Journal so I do apologize if you've
been a longtime fan of the push Journal
it's no longer available so I'm sure we
have some in in back order I don't know
don't even know because I'm literally
like I've released it and I'm okay with
it everything has a season we can't do
everything all at once we have to let go
of certain things and sometimes it takes
a neutral partner like AI to point out
the obvious to us I hope this has been
super helpful for you if it has will you
do me a favor will you let me know in
the comments which tip was most helpful
which one are you likely to use in your
own business what has this done to open
up your mind in all the different ways
that you can use chat gbt to speed up
the process of making decisions
analyzing your business and just being
more efficient as an entrepreneur as
always I thank you for spending your
time it's my goal to be brief to be
bright to make it fun and then be done
thanks for subscribing Thanks for liking
this video and I'll see you in the next
one